README.md, before:

- 🌱 Always learning
- 🎧 This week I've been listening to <!-- lastfm start -->[Bladee](https://www.last.fm/music/Bladee), [Dialect](https://www.last.fm/music/Dialect), and [Squidnice](https://www.last.fm/music/Squidnice)<!-- lastfm end -->
- 🎹 Fun fact: I make music. [Check out my latest album, II](https://oskerwyld.com/II), proven to help you focus while coding~

<!-- blog start -->
## Latest blog posts

- [I Fixed My Sleep Schedule With Code](https://osc.garden/blog/nemui-sleep-schedule-planner/)
- [Condensing Media for Language Learning with shuku](https://osc.garden/blog/shuku-condensed-media-language-learning/)
- [Building a Minimal Time Management Web App](https://osc.garden/blog/zutsu-offline-task-planner-web-app/)
- [Building a Progressive Web App To Practice Japanese Numbers](https://osc.garden/blog/ramu-japanese-numbers-practice-web-app/)
- [Learning Japanese Through Music: An Analysis of Ichiko Aoba's Lyrics](https://osc.garden/blog/ichiko-aoba-lyrics-japanese-morphology/)
- [Returning](https://osc.garden/blog/nostalgia/)
- [Building a Tool To Add Dynamic Content to My GitHub Profile](https://osc.garden/blog/doteki-building-a-dynamic-github-profile/)
- [Notes on Notes: Analysing Seven Years of Music Streaming Data](https://osc.garden/blog/data-analysis-music-streaming/)

More on [osc.garden](https://osc.garden)
<!-- blog end -->

<a href="https://doteki.org"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/powered_by-d%C5%8Dteki-0?style=flat-square&labelColor=202b2d&color=5E936C" align="right" alt="Powered by dōteki"></a>

Commit message:

add recently updated notes section

README.md, after:

- 🌱 Always learning
- 🎧 This week I've been listening to <!-- lastfm start -->[Bladee](https://www.last.fm/music/Bladee), [Dialect](https://www.last.fm/music/Dialect), and [Squidnice](https://www.last.fm/music/Squidnice)<!-- lastfm end -->
- 🎹 Fun fact: I make music. [Check out my latest album, II](https://oskerwyld.com/II), proven to help you focus while coding~

<!-- blog start -->
## Latest blog posts

- [I Fixed My Sleep Schedule With Code](https://osc.garden/blog/nemui-sleep-schedule-planner/)
- [Condensing Media for Language Learning with shuku](https://osc.garden/blog/shuku-condensed-media-language-learning/)
- [Building a Minimal Time Management Web App](https://osc.garden/blog/zutsu-offline-task-planner-web-app/)
- [Building a Progressive Web App To Practice Japanese Numbers](https://osc.garden/blog/ramu-japanese-numbers-practice-web-app/)
- [Learning Japanese Through Music: An Analysis of Ichiko Aoba's Lyrics](https://osc.garden/blog/ichiko-aoba-lyrics-japanese-morphology/)
- [Returning](https://osc.garden/blog/nostalgia/)
- [Building a Tool To Add Dynamic Content to My GitHub Profile](https://osc.garden/blog/doteki-building-a-dynamic-github-profile/)
- [Notes on Notes: Analysing Seven Years of Music Streaming Data](https://osc.garden/blog/data-analysis-music-streaming/)

More on [osc.garden](https://osc.garden)
<!-- blog end -->

<!-- notes start -->
## Recently updated notes

- [Getting Started With uv, the Python Package & Project Manager](https://osc.garden/notes/uv/)
- [Setting up a NAS with Raspberry Pi](https://osc.garden/notes/raspberry-pi-nas-setup/)
- [Self-hosting ntfy on Debian with nginx](https://osc.garden/notes/self-hosting-ntfy/)

See [more notes](https://osc.garden/notes)
<!-- notes end -->

<a href="https://doteki.org"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/powered_by-d%C5%8Dteki-0?style=flat-square&labelColor=202b2d&color=5E936C" align="right" alt="Powered by dōteki"></a>
